- Happy New Year!
Favorite movie.
It feels like this
song is for you.
It’s funny because they
thought it was for Clea.
You do love me, right?
If I say yes, what will you do?
Your aunt called earlier.
What about, Pa?
She said she’ll take care
of your papers for Spain.
For our anniversary,
we have an out-of-town—
shoot.
But that’s our anniversary.
I miss my boyfriend so much.
He’s there with someone else.
With another girl. I’m done.
- Love? Come on, let’s go.
- Oh my gosh, Arkin.
Stand up.
I’m sorry.
I love you more than every
lyric I could ever write.
I love you so much, Kino.
Via! Have you seen this?
Oh my gosh, that make-out
session is so hot!
Everyone here who’s single
is jealous again!
Please, ArClea is such
a power couple!
Don’t break up, please!
Are you heading out now,
sweetheart?
Are you feeling okay now?
Yes, Pa. I’m feeling
a bit better now.
And I really need to
go to school today.
We have an exam next week.
Don’t push yourself
too hard, okay?
Make sure you rest.
And sweetheart,
whatever's going on,
it’s okay to cry to Papa.
It’s okay to tell me if you’re
struggling or if you’re hurting.
You know Papa
is always here for you.
Yes.
Thanks, Pa.
I can carry all your
pain for you, okay?
Papa, thank you.
Thank you.
Pa, I need to go now.
I’m going to be late.
All right then.
Have dinner here, okay?
I’ll cook something good.
Yeah.
Thank you.
Kino, how are you?
I’m starting to worry about you.
Please let me know you’re okay.
Kino!
Via, I heard you’re coming to school?
Are you okay now?
Are you on the way?
I’m okay.
I just need to print some things.
I’ll probably eat here first.
I’ll go there. Wait for me.
Okay. Take care.
Via.
Don’t you dare touch me.
Just stay there.
Via, please.
You couldn’t even text
or call me last night.
Via, it’s because—
Don’t follow me.
Your fans might see you.
Via, wait—
Via, please listen to me first.
I didn’t want any of it to happen.
Why did you only show up now?
Do you even care
about how I feel?
Did it really mean nothing to you
that I was almost losing my
mind over all the scenarios
running through my head?
Larkin, why?
Via, I’m sorry I couldn’t talk
to you right away.
My manager took my phone.
He didn’t even want
me to come today,
but I snuck out just to be here.
Are you happy right now?
Are you happy you get
to kiss her all the time?
Are you happier with her?
Via…
Via, no.
I only did that to protect you.
Via, I’m so sorry.
I wasn’t happy doing it.
I never wanted to do it
behind your back.
This is the only way
for me to protect you
from what you’re most afraid of.
I’d do it, Via.
I would do everything.
You know that, right?
You’ll protect me?
How are you protecting me
with what you did, Larkin?
You just hurt me.
Do you even have any idea?
Via, I didn’t want to do it.
Please, just listen to me first, okay?
Let’s talk.
Just not here.
There are too many people.
Via, are you okay?
Do you have a fever?
Fuck.
What are you feeling? Huh?
Are you okay?
Oh my gosh, it’s Larkin Sanchez!
Hey! It really is Larkin!
Come on!
- Is it really him?
- Larkin!
Larkin! Take a photo with us!
- Larkin! Larkin!
- Take a photo with us, Larkin!
- It’s really Larkin!
Via!
Larkin Sanchez!
- Larkin! Larkin!
- Via!
Larkin!
Via!
- Larkin!
- Via!
Larkin Sanchez!
Via?
- Larkin!
Larkin!
Via?
- Larkin!
Via!
- Come on!
Idol!
Via, come on, get up.
Oh my gosh.
- Larkin!
Say hi to my followers.
Larkin’s right here!
Larkin!
- Larkin!
Idol!
That Arkin is such an asshole,
having the nerve
to cheat on Clea.
Seriously, Larkin Sanchez?
You’re disgusting.
Whoever that girl
is in the picture,
I hope you know the guy you’re
hugging already has a girlfriend!
Guys, let’s wait for
Larkin’s explanation first.
Let’s not judge too quickly.
We all know how
much Arkin loves Clea.
All I know is you’re already
so lucky to have Clea, Arkin.
You’d be an idiot to even think
about cheating on her.
I wonder how Kino is feeling.
“Larkin Sanchez talks about
the girl in the photo!”
No, we’re not in a relationship.
She’s just a close fan of mine.
I just happened to pass by
the area to buy something,
and that’s when she saw me.
But why were you
embracing each other?
No, we weren’t.
She was sick, she passed out,
and I was just helping her up.
I mean, of course...
I couldn’t just leave a fan like that.
I mean, if anyone passed out
in front of me, right?
Does Clea know about it?
Of course.
I explained everything to her.
She understood the situation.
Actually, I’m on my way
to see her right now.
I just want to
make sure she’s okay.
So don’t worry.
We didn’t fight.
We’re good.
And yeah, it wasn’t a big deal.
Thank you.
Sorry, I’ve got to go.
I’m sorry, Kino.
I know it hurts for you
to say all of that.
This is really hard.
I just want to keep you to myself,
away from everyone.
Hey! Isn’t the girl who hugged
Larkin from our school?
Also the same course, architecture.
Could she be our batchmate?
Honestly, she looks
kind of familiar.
Didn’t Larkin already
clear that up last night?
She’s just a fan.
Don’t make such a big deal out of it.
Why don’t you just review instead?
The exam’s coming up.
The heck?
Aren’t you here to gossip, too?
- Familiar, right?
- Hey, let me see.
Looks really familiar.
Right?
Yeah, it’s her.
I know her.
What?
Are you going to tell me again
that Larkin is actually cheating on Clea?
No.
They said they’re fine, right?
People are just really being
too much these days,
assuming things
over a simple photo.
The way they’re reacting,
you’d think Larkin was
making out with another girl.
Guys, let’s put the issue
to rest already, okay?
Larkin already clarified it.
Exactly! Let’s trust Larkin’s word.
Let’s just support him and
not add to the hate train!
Via.
Here’s a jacket.
Huh?
You were sick recently, right?
Wear it already.
I’ll carry this.
Via!
I’m sorry.
Huh? For what?
I’ll take this.
Via—
Let him be. Come on.
Never mind him. Just let it be.
Via, hey.
Isn’t she the girl Arkin was hugging
in España?
Who the fuck is that girl?
I thought she was just a fan!
You’re such a slut!
I know her. She’s Avianna Diaz.
I hope karma hits you both!
Seriously, Arkin?
You’d replace Clea with that trash?
She’s ugly.
- Whore!
- Cheater!
Via?
Are you okay?
It’s not true. Come on.
Via!
Via?
I’m just right here, okay?
Do you want to go outside?
Come on, let’s talk.
Via?
Via.
It’s okay.
I’m right here.
We’re here.
You don’t deserve
the things they’re saying.
Because none of it is true.
That’s not who you are.
And Arkin knows that.
Sevi knows,
Sam knows,
Ke knows.
We all know.
We know the truth, Via.
Do you want me
to make a scene, too?
So they can all
gang up on me, too.
I’ll go through it with you.
I want to go home, Luna.
I know.
Just stay strong, okay?
You and Arkin will talk about this.
Everything will be okay.
But if you want to cry right now,
I’ll be here with you.
We’ll cry together.
Don’t cry anymore.
Oh my gosh!
Have you seen it?
Who’s that girl clinging
to Larkin, like, seriously?
She’s so ugly.
Like, Larkin is for Clea only.
No one else.
Poor Clea,
she got replaced by a
girl who isn’t even pretty.
But he doesn’t eat betamax.
It’s kikam—
Via!
- Hey! Are you okay?
- Miss, be careful.
Does anything hurt?
Are you okay?
Side-chick! You’re a digrace.
Rye, thank you so much.
Congratulations!
That’s how much I love you.
Wow!
A very heartwarming message.
Thank you, Rye!
Via? Are you okay?
I’m okay.
I’m just here, Via.
If you need anything, I’m here.
Thanks.
Cheaters and liars should go to hell.
The same goes for
women who are willing
to ruin a relationship
just to satisfy their urges.
They’ve been together
for a long time,
since high school!
I was schoolmates
with both of them.
I feel like Clea was just used
so he could become famous.
Do you really think
you know the people
you see on TV?
Arkin beat me up back
when he was in high school.
Damn him, he’s a bully,
that asshole.
Are you okay?
Be careful, all right?
You might get sick if you
don’t wipe off your sweat.
And when you run,
you might trip.
So be careful.
Okay.
- We’re just gonna play in front.
- All right.
Hi, Via!
- Via, I’ll take care of that.
- No, it’s okay.
- It’s fine.
Just go take a bath.
- Just go upstairs and take a bath.
- Are you sure?
Yes.
- Just bring this, and this too so—
- Okay.
- we can clean this mess.
- I’ll handle this.
All right.
Clea, you don’t deserve
someone like Arkin, queen.
Break up with him.
We don’t care about
the love team anymore.
Let him be with his
ugly mistress. @aviannadiaz
Via, can we talk?
I’m sorry.
Sorry about the
pictures that came out.
Huh? Why are you apologizing?
Even before the photos
of you with Larkin were released,
I had already seen them.
My older brother was the
one who took those pictures.
He said it would be big news
and that he could
get a lot of money
from Larkin’s management.
But the management blocked
my brother’s photos.
They released pictures
of Clea and Larkin
kissing at the same spot
where you two were photographed.
So they kissed...
just to cover up what was
going on with me and Arkin?
Yes.
But an issue suddenly blew up
when the photo of you with Larkin
outside the school came out.
That’s when my brother got the nerve
to sell it to the media,
which is why it became public.
Sorry, Via.
I really tried to stop my brother,
but he didn’t listen, even
though I begged him.
Sorry, Via.
I’m sorry.
No.
Thank you.
Thank you for telling me.
Will you be okay?
I’ll go ahead.
Tell your sister,
she has no right to ruin ArClea!
Exactly!
Who does she think she is?
Clea’s way prettier than her.
My sister didn’t ruin anything.
What do you mean?
It’s all over social media that
your sister is a mistress.
Disgusting side-chick.
What did you just say?
Mira!
- Hey, what are you doing—
- Mira!
Hey, stop it!
- Mira, what are you doing?
- Oh my.
Here’s the mistress.
Hey, you!
You put a love spell on Arkin, didn’t you?
As if he’d ever like someone like you.
- I’m prettier than you.
- What did you say?
Hey! Mira!
That’s enough, stop it already!
Do you want me to report
you both to your teachers?
I’ll have you sent
to your principal’s office!
Come on, let’s go.
Are you okay?
Are you all right?
How about you, Via?
Are you okay?
Yes, I’m fine.
But Mira, don’t hurt other people.
Don’t get into fights, okay?
But Via, they’re hurting you, too.
They’re saying all kinds
of things about you
when they don’t even know you!
I can’t just let them be, Via.
Do they lock themselves
in their rooms every night?
Are they not eating anymore?
Do they cry themselves to sleep?
That’s all you, Via.
So how can I just let them be?
It would feel like I’m
letting them hurt you.
Mira.
Mira, I’m sorry.
I’m sorry. This is my fault.
- I’m sorry—
- I’m getting really mad at Arkin.
Why isn’t he by your side?
Why isn’t he here?
You need him, Via.
Mira, it’s not Arkin’s fault
that he can’t be
by my side right now.
It’s just that he really can’t.
People’s eyes are on him
too much at the moment.
Do what other people
say really matter?
Whatever they’re saying, Via…
Is it more important than you?
Mira—
You’ll learn it someday.
You’ll understand that
a person’s world
doesn’t revolve
around love alone.
Let’s go home…
Poor Clea!
You should be ashamed,
Avianna, whoever you are.
Cheaters and mistresses deserve to die!
You’re disgusting, Via!
Slut. Good thing your mom died.
Via? It’s me.
Via, how are you?
How’s Mira? How’s everyone?
What are you doing here?
You can’t be here, Arkin.
Someone might see you.
You need to leave.
Via, I’m sorry.
I’m sorry.
I’m sorry you all got
dragged into this.
Via—
I messed up.
Via, I love you so much,
and that will never change, okay?
No matter what happens,
no matter how painful it gets,
no matter how hard it is.
I love you so much, Via.
Via—
Via.
I don’t want to keep
doing this anymore.
Can I just stay here?
Can I not go back
there anymore, Via?
You can’t, Arkin.
You’re not allowed here anymore.
If only I had known this
would all happen to you.
I would never have entered
this damn industry.
Via—
How do I escape this?
I’m tired of all this.
You can't.
You have to face this.
We’ll face it together.
You won’t leave me?
I won’t leave you.
I’m not going anywhere.
Clea?
What are you doing here?
Come inside first.
No need.
I’m quite embarrassed
to see your family.
Can we talk?
Are you breaking up with him?
When I first found out that
Larkin was dating someone,
I didn’t really care.
That kind of thing is
normal in the industry.
But I value my career.
And if this issue will
affect me negatively,
then I choose to step in.
I’ve built my career
ever since I was a kid.
I’ve endured a lot and worked
my way to the top.
Do you see where I’m getting at?
At first,
people were
already suspecting
that Larkin was dating
someone off-camera
And I did everything
to cover that up.
He even asked me
to keep you away
from the spotlight
because of something
that happened in your past.
And I did.
I also warned you two to be careful
about hiding your relationship.
But now that everything’s
out in the open,
Larkin wants to quit.
But he can’t
because we both
signed a contract.
Was kissing him part of that contract?
The photos?
Don’t worry about that.
We didn’t really kiss.
We only made it
look like we did.
Yes.
Good job.
He was even crying at that time.
And I can see that you’ve
been crying for days, too.
Just like him.
Look,
I know that Larkin is in
a tight spot right now.
He feels like he has to choose
between you and his career.
But he really doesn’t
have a choice
since he’s tied to the contract.
Now it’s up to you how
you want to handle this.
So, going back to my question,
are you going to
end things with him?
I don’t…
I don’t know yet. I just don’t know.
You know all of this
won’t do him
or his career any good.
And for my career,
I won’t let anyone ruin it.
Not Larkin.
Not Adi.
Not anyone.
That’s my car.
I’ll go now.
Clea.
Oh, Clea!
Are you okay?
I’m fine. Thank you.
Thank you.
Hey,
I just wanted to
ask how you’ve been.
How are you holding up?
Is everything all right?
Sam, it’s been really hard.
I don’t want this.
Sam, I don’t want this anymore.
I know, love.
You can cry.
I’m sorry you’re
going through this.
I’m also sorry I can’t
come to you right now.
I’m not in the Philippines,
but I’m willing to take the
next flight just to see you.
I’ll come to you as
soon as my shoot is over.
Sam, don’t.
I’m okay.
Don’t worry about me.
I can handle this.
I’ll get through it.
Via, you can’t handle
everything on your own.
If it’s too heavy,
let us help carry it, okay?
You don’t have to do this alone.
You can always lean on me.
My sister used to say,
you are more than what they say.
So please don’t believe all the hate
they’ve been throwing at you.
I love you. We love you.
And most importantly,
love yourself too.
Via, it’s not wrong to
choose yourself this time.
Thanks, Sam.
- Thank you.
- I love you, Via. See you soon, okay?
Take care.
Via.
How are you?
What are you doing here?
What about Avi?
Mama’s watching her.
Let’s drink?
Cheers.
You were just crying,
weren’t you?
Yanna, do you think
I can live without him?
You can.
We don’t really have a choice
but to learn how to deal
with it once they’re gone.
I hope so.
I hope I can handle it.
What about him?
Do you think he can
manage without me?
I hope he can, too, right?
Because, Yanna, I’m leaving.
Where are you going?
To Spain.
I’ll be working there with my aunt.
I’m leaving as soon as...
I pass the licensure exam.
I haven’t told anyone else yet.
You’re the first.
Are you not coming back?
I don’t know.
I still don’t know what my plan is.
I don’t even know
if I can come back.
I don’t know if I can still stay here.
It feels like everyone’s mad at me.
It feels like
everyone’s saying that—
that I’m a slut.
They’re such assholes for saying that!
No one really knows you except us!
Shit!
Who the hell are they
to have an opinion about you?
We’re the ones
who know you, Via.
And we know that’s not who you are.
Yanna, how do I look?
You’re beautiful, Via.
You really are.
And you’re beautiful
on the inside, too,
unlike them.
As long as you know you
didn’t do anything wrong.
Even if you ask any of us.
Even Sevi.
You’re beautiful, Via.
And you have a good heart.
You’re still my baby, Via.
Go on, cry it all out.
I’m right here.
Everything will be okay.
Okay?
You want some water?
Okay—
It’s okay.
Just let it all out.
I’m not leaving you.
OMG! I saw Clea
and Arkin’s side-chick
in our subdivision yesterday.
She was picking
a fight with Clea.
It was crazy!
Can’t believe how bold
they are these days!
How dare she fight Clea!
So that’s the
controversial student.
I used to think
she was innocent
Turns out she’s got
a lot going on underneath.
She’s not even pretty, yet
she’s got so much nerve!
- What did Arkin even see in that girl?
- An ugly mistress.
She doesn’t deserve
someone like Larkin Sanchez!
Honestly, I think Arkin just
wasted his career over that woman.
I really think this is the spot.
- Where?
Yeah. This is it. This is
where she fought with Clea.
- Yeah, I’m sure.
- Are you sure?
- Really?
- Where?
Right here! This subdivision.
- There she is!
- There she is.
- Oh, so that’s her.
- There she is!
Hi, side-chick.
Hi.
Hey, bitch!
You slut!
You really went after Clea, huh?
Exactly. She thinks she’s
pretty or something.
- You’ve got some nerve.
- You’re just a side-chick!
- A whore!
- Slut!
You think you’re pretty?
- You’re ugly!
- You’re such a slut.
You’re a whore!
- How dare you!
- Side-chick!
You’re going too far.
- Slut!
- You’re ugly!
That’s enough—
Via!
Please stop!
Stop it already!
Don’t!
Not my siblings!
I stayed away from
the spotlight, from music,
because I didn’t want
to end up like Mama.
But why…
Why is this happening?
Stop it!
Arkin.
Is it okay that you’re here?
Pa.
I snuck away from
my driver and manager, Pa.
I just wanted to talk to Via.
How is she?
She’s already asleep upstairs.
She has a high fever.
I’ll go check on Via, Pa.
Arkin,
I know you don’t
have control over
what’s happening right now.
But it really hurts to see
Via crying every night.
What do we do about this?
How do we even find a solution?
I hate seeing my daughter suffer.
Pa, I’m sorry.
I’m really sorry, Pa.
But I’ll do everything to
make sure Via’s gonna be okay.
I promise.
I love you so much,
and I’m ready to give up
everything for you.
Where are you?
We need to talk.
Via?
Can we still make this work?
I can.
My family
is also getting dragged into this.
You should just
focus on your career.
Maybe that’s why
I never had big dreams.
Because I’m scared
that I might lose something
while I’m busy
chasing those dreams.
To answer your question,
the woman in the photo
is my childhood friend.
So, we’ve been close
for a long time.
There were times when
I really wanted to say
that I wish we had never met.